one of the biggest mystery in women's
shoes is that comfortable and stylish
shoes for me is the Holy Grail
the thought process is that with a
comfort shoe it can't be
stylish it just is such an innovative
way of thinking I've been a designer of
accessories for over 20 years I've
worked for companies such as Ralph
Lauren and the last 10 years or at coach
I think what I bring to the table is I
really understand the woman who's
wearing these shoes women today should
be able to demand stylish comfortable
functional items that fit in her
lifestyle the idea started with a song
and we created flats from it adding
jelly coding for lightweight flexibility
and support
I work with camp for almost a decade and
one of the things that we always work
great with is understanding or customers
not only in terms of what she's asking
for but also creating something exciting
and innovative the creative process
isn't so much sometimes what I want or
what people are asking for we test it in
the market and received rave reviews for
women from all over that a comfort shoe
could be modern and stylish when
creating a color palette what I keep in
mind is what women have in their
wardrobe women own so many shoes yet
they go back to the precious few pairs
how do we give her more choices in her
wardrobe how do we make more outfits
than she has in that closet work being
able to just take a sock that we can do
beautiful prints on and weave great
colors into it be able to make a shoe
out of it and then on top of it be
comfortable it just doesn't hold you
back and I want to be able to help women
to feel good and what they're wearing I
want them to look great and then that
gives them the confidence to go on and
do great things in their life the shoe
is to support her lifestyle and make her
look good and feel good
you